W-13563173-No-DPD-information (#141)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ch2-vpn.adoc

=== IPsec Settings

Anypoint VPN supports any combination of the following IPsec settings:

* IKE version 1
* IKE version 2 for route-based VPNs only
* AES 128 or 256-bit encryption operating in the CBC and GCM
* SHA or SHA-2 (256, 384, 512) hashing
* Diffie-Hellman Phase 1 groups 2, 14-24
* Diffie-Hellman Phase 2 groups 2, 5, 14-24
* Timeouts for IKEv1
** IKE (Phase 1) Lifetime: 28800 seconds (8 hours)
** IPsec (Phase 2) Lifetime: 3600 seconds (1 hour)
* Timeouts for IKEv2
** IKE (Phase 1) Lifetime: 28000 seconds (7 hours and 50 minutes)
** IPsec (Phase 2) Lifetime: 3000 seconds (50 minutes)

[NOTE]
Some of these IPsec settings are not supported in Government Cloud. For specific Government Cloud VPN settings, see xref:gov-cloud::gov-cloud-anypoint-vpn.adoc[Anypoint VPN Settings]. 

=== Anypoint VPN Routing

Anypoint VPN supports dynamic or static routing for VPN connections.

* *Dynamic routing* Your device uses Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) to advertise routes to Anypoint VPN. Use BGP routing if your device supports this protocol.
* *Static routing* - Requires you to specify the routes (subnets) in your network that are accessible through Anypoint VPN. +
[NOTE]

> A maximum of 95 route table entries is permitted per private space, regardless of the number of VPN connections. Consolidate networks to the fewest number possible to avoid exceeding the limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A maximum of 95 route table entries are permitted per private space, regardless of the number of VPN connections. Consolidate networks to the fewest number possible to avoid exceeding the limit.
```

I don't know which one is correct. I guess it could be singular if referring to the maximum, but plural if referring to the entries. I think "are" sounds better though.

* Use one Security Association (SA) pair per tunnel
+
Anypoint VPN supports one unique SA pair per tunnel (a pair refers to one inbound and one outbound connection). Some policy-based devices create an SA for each ACL (access-control list) entry. In this situation, you must consolidate your rules and then filter unwanted traffic.
* Use IPsec Dead Peer Detection (DPD)
+
DPD allows devices to rapidly identify when network conditions change. You can enable DPD on the MuleSoft endpoint using `DPD Interval: 10` and `DPD Retries: 3`.
* Allow asymmetric routing
+
Asymmetric routing occurs when routing policies send traffic from your network to the private space through one tunnel and traffic returns from the private space through the other tunnel. The MuleSoft VPN endpoint selects the tunnel using an internal algorithm, making the return path dynamic. If your device uses an active/active tunnel configuration, you must allow asymmetric routing for each Anypoint VPN connection.
* For IPsec, enable perfect forward secrecy (PFS) with the above Phase 2 Diffie-Hellman groups

== Requirements for Dynamic VPN Connections

> To create a dynamic VPN connection, in addition to the static VPN connection requirements, the VPN endpoint must be able to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a dynamic VPN connection, in addition to the static VPN connection requirements, the VPN endpoint must support
```

Just an idea, would need to change the table entries.

> To create a dynamic VPN connection, in addition to the static VPN connection requirements, the VPN endpoint must be able to:
> 
> * Establish BGP peering
> * Support route-based VPNs (bind tunnels to logical interfaces)
> * For IPsec, enable perfect forward secrecy (PFS) with the above Phase 2 Diffie-Hellman groups

Author: ```suggestion
To create a dynamic VPN connection, in addition to the static VPN connection requirements, the VPN endpoint must support:

* Establishing BGP peering
* Using route-based VPNs (bind tunnels to logical interfaces)
* For IPsec, enabling perfect forward secrecy (PFS) with the above Phase 2 Diffie-Hellman groups
```

== Tested Network Devices

The following network devices are known to work with the Anypoint VPN. If your device does not appear in the list of tested devices, check the <<vpn_requirements,requirements>> to verify that your device is suitable for use with Anypoint VPN.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Hardware | Software
|Check Point Security Gateway | R77.10 or later
|Cisco ASA | ASA 8.2 or later
|Cisco IOS | Cisco IOS 12.4 or later
|Dell SonicWALL | SonicOS 5.9 or later
|Fortinet Fortigate 40+ Series | FortiOS 4.0 or later
|Juniper J-Series Service Router | JunOS 9.5 or later
|Juniper SRX-Series Services Gateway | JunOS 11.0 or later
|Juniper SSG | ScreenOS 6.1 or 6.2 or later
|Juniper ISG | ScreenOS 6.1 or 6.2 or later
|Netgate pfSense | OS 2.2.5 or later
|Palo Alto Networks | PANOS 4.1.2 or later

|Yamaha a| * RT107e
* RTX1200
* RTX1210
* RTX1500
* RTX3000
* SRT100

|Microsoft Windows Server a| * 2008 R2 or later
* 2012 R2 or later

|Zyxel Zywall Series a| * 4.20 or later for statically routed Anypoint VPN connections
* 4.30 or later for dynamically routed Anypoint VPN connections
|===

> == See Also
> 
> * xref:vpn-create-arm.adoc[Create an Anypoint VPN Connection]
> * xref:vpn-high-availability.adoc[Anypoint VPN High Availability]
> * https://help.mulesoft.com/s/article/Anypoint-VPN-Knowledge-Articles[Anypoint VPN Knowledge Articles]

Author: ```suggestion
```
